docs: Explain corp vpn and proxy, fixup FAQ, fixes #7048 (#7061)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/faq.md

We have automated testing and support for a staggering range of Docker providers.

| Docker Provider            | Support Level                                                          |
|----------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OrbStack (macOS)           | officially tested and supported on macOS                               |
| Docker Desktop for Mac     | officially tested and supported on both Intel and Apple Silicon        |
| Docker Desktop for Windows | officially tested and supported on WSL2 and traditional Windows        |
| Colima (macOS)             | officially tested and supported                                        |
| Docker-ce (Linux/WSL2)     | officially supported with automated tests on WSL2/Ubuntu. Recommended. |
| Rancher Desktop (macOS)    | officially tested and supported on macOS                               |

> * Docker Desktop for Linux *does not* work with DDEV because it mounts all files into the container owned as root.
> * Rancher Desktop for Windows *does not* work with DDEV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Unsupported

The following environments are *not* supported and have known issues with DDEV:

* Docker Desktop for Linux (because it mounts all files into the container owned as root)
* Rancher Desktop for Windows.
```
